In this video, what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go through and we're gonna create
a brand new project that we will be
using to explore sending and receiving
JMS messages. We are establishing a new
project in this video. You can see I have
a brand new repository that I just
created. And, I'm gonna come over here and
copy that link over to my clipboard.
Let me jump over to the command line and
what I'm gonna do here is do a git clone like
so that will establish the repository in
my local working directory. And now, I
wanna come over to IntelliJ. And, we'll
actually go and start setting up this
project. So, I'm gonna come into
IntelliJ and I'm gonna come up to
File New New Project. So, I'm gonna create
a brand new project. I'm gonna go
ahead and use the Spring Initializr and
we will go out to the default of start.spring.io like so.
I'm gonna be using on groupId
guru.springframework. And here, I'm gonna
use sgf-jms. Again, this is my
personal naming convention. So, this
artifactId, let me jump back over to
Chrome real quick. I'm gonna make that
match the repository name. So, like 150
repositories or more now. So, it does a
definitely help you track things. I'm
gonna go ahead and come back over to
IntelliJ. So, we're gonna do Java Jar. We
are gonna be working with Java 11.
That is the current long-term release.
Yeah. Example JMS project like so.
That's okay there. I'm saying Next. So, here are
the this is the Spring Initializr stuff.
So, we are actually up to Spring Boot 2.1.6.
And, go ahead and try the.. I am going to
be jumping - 2 soon - 2.2.0 soon
But for right now, I'll stay on 1.6. I'll
be upgrading the course. 2.2.0 is supposed
to be released in August of 2019.
That's about 2 or 3 weeks away from when
I'm recording this. So, they'll be updated
soon. But here, let's go ahead.
We'll
take in the DevTools, we'll take in
Project Lombok.
Go ahead and bring in the Web Starter as
well.
And now under Messaging, what we want is
we have the ActiveMQ 5 or the ActiveMQ
Artemis. And, I might be totally
butchering how you say this. I'm not
honestly not sure how to say that but
we're gonna take in this newer one.
This is actually a newer generation that
this flavor of Apache MQ was donated by
Red Hat. It used to be Hornet JMS, if I
remember correctly. That Red Hat
recently within the last year or so
provided for us. And so, that gives us
some nicer options there. So, I'm gonna go
ahead and bring these in. And now, I'm
just double-checking things and I think
that it's all good. I don't think I need
anything else. I'm just going through
double-checking. And here I'm gonna go
ahead and change this directory.
So, I do have a course as directory. So, go to micro
and that's where I checked out. That's
the working directory that I checked out
into. So, I'm gonna tell IntelliJ to go
ahead and place it in that directory. I'm
just gonna double-check everything here.
That all looks good. So, I'm gonna go
ahead and say Finish.
IntelliJ is recommending some plugins
and I am not going to be working with
the JMS messenger plugin at this
particular point in time. So, we will not
enable that. Let's come in here and
what we wanna do is I am going to go
ahead and do it Git Add on this.
And, I come back over here to the brewery
project and I'm going to go ahead and
copy this
.gitignore file. I have a more complete
one and then what Spring provides us. So,
go ahead and copy that. I come back over
to the JMS project. I'm going to go
ahead and paste that.
So, I just have a number more things
in there. So, I'm gonna overwrite what
the Spring Initializr gave us for that.
So, we will provide that.
Now, let's take a quick look at the Maven
POM. So, we can see that it did set up
the Java version, Java 11 for us which is
exactly what we want. We do have the
spring-boot-starter-artemis. Let me close
this and let's open up the Maven tab
and if you don't see anything here, click
on this little circle here to go ahead
and import that. So now I wanna come in
here and I want to take a look at the
dependencies. And, this starter for
artemis is only gonna bring down the
client. So, you can see here, it's bringing
the spring-boot-starter bringing in the
JMS and then it's only bringing in the
core and the client. So, this is only
gonna give you the ability to talk to
a server. And, what I wanna do here is
we are gonna be running an embedded
server. So, I have a couple dependencies
that I need to add there. So, I'll go
ahead and do these right now.
I wanna do the artemis-server like
so.
Then also,
jms-server. So, bringing these two
dependencies will allow us to set up an
embedded server. And, initially that
way I'm gonna go through this section
is we're gonna run an embedded server
inside of Spring, so when we bring up the
Spring Boot application, we will have our
own server. Now, obviously not a typical
use case. Sometimes there are cases where
you wanna use that. But typically, this
can be for something for doing Hello
World examples which is exactly where
we're at. Perfectly fine for where we're
at right now. So, that's why I'm gonna do
it this way and show you how to bring up
an embedded server and then we'll use
that embedded server to go ahead and
send and receive JMS messages. So, we'll
go ahead and work with that. But for
right now, I'm just gonna get this set
up. You can see here that I've through
Spring Boot Initializr. I brought in the
spring-boot-starter. And then, I added in
artemis-server and the artemis-jms-server. These two dependencies for Apache
ActiveMQ. So, that gives us the capability
to set that up and everything else was
generated by Spring Boot or Spring
Boot Initializr so that is all set up
and I will go ahead and commit this into
the master branch inside of the Github,
the new Github repository. So, you're
gonna have just the initial project and
initial Maven dependencies on the master
branch. I will be branching this as
we go forward in the section of the
class to show you the changes for each
step along the way.